NUMENTA, INC.

NUMENTA TRIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT

(VERSION 1.0 DATED AUGUST 03, 2015)

This Numenta Trial License Agreement (the "Agreement") governs your use of NuPIC
(as defined below).  Numenta is willing to license NuPIC to you only upon the
condition that you accept all of the terms contained in this Agreement.  By
electronically signing this Agreement, you indicate that you have read and
understand this Agreement and accept all of its terms.  If you agree to these
terms on behalf of a business, government agency, or other entity, you warrant
that you have authority to bind that business, agency, or other entity to this
Agreement, and your agreement to these terms will be treated as the agreement of
that business, agency, or other entity.  In that event, "you" and "your" refer
herein to that business, agency, or other entity.

PREAMBLE

The purpose of this Preamble is to give a plain English description of our
license.  Please read the license itself carefully for detailed terms and
conditions.

Numenta welcomes individuals, businesses, and other entities to explore and
advance HTM technology.  This license allows you to explore HTM ideas using
NuPIC in whole or in part, at no charge, as long as your work is for research
and experimentation purposes only.  You may not sell or distribute NuPIC or your
work product for commercial or production use unless you take an appropriate
commercial license from us.

1. Definitions.

"HTM" means the Hierarchical Temporal Memory theory.

"NuPIC" means the Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing, consisting of all
AGPL codebases made available through the "numenta" GitHub organization at
http://github.com/numenta. Any technology that does not exist at
http://github.com/numenta with an AGPL license is not included in this License.

2. License, Permitted Uses, Restrictions, and Ownership.

(a)  License.  Numenta hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free license during the term of this Agreement to install and use NuPIC
for the permitted uses detailed in section 2(b) subject to the restrictions
detailed in section 2(c).

(b) Permitted Uses.  You may use NuPIC to conduct research and analysis. You may
use NuPIC for evaluation and for validation of its applicability to specific
problems. You may use NuPIC for instruction and training.  You may use NuPIC to
create applications that endeavor to solve problems, to train the application
with data, and to test and debug the application. You may publish information
regarding the results of your research as long as you include an appropriate
citation. You may modify and create derivative works of NuPIC.

(c) Restrictions.  You may not offer for sale, distribute, or permit others to
use any technology that includes the NuPIC software or intellectual property,
either free or for a fee, unless you have entered into an appropriate Numenta
commercial license agreement.

(d) Ownership of Intellectual Property.  You agree that Numenta owns all right,
title and interest, including but not limited to copyright, patent, trade secret
and all other intellectual property rights, in and to NuPIC, and any changes,
modifications, or corrections thereto.  You hereby grant to Numenta a perpetual,
irrevocable, world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, license to use any
feedback, suggestions, or ideas that you provide directly to Numenta regarding
NuPIC.

3. No Support.  You acknowledge and agree that Numenta undertakes no obligation
to provide any support, error corrections, or upgrades for NuPIC, and that you
assume all risk arising from your use of NuPIC.

4. Termination.  You may terminate this Agreement at any time upon written
notice to Numenta.  Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon
written notice to the other party:  (i)?in the event of the insolvency,
bankruptcy or voluntary dissolution of the other party; or (ii)?if the other
party defaults in the performance of any provision hereunder, and if such
default continues and is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice
thereof to the defaulting party.  Upon any termination of this Agreement, you
agree to immediately cease using NuPIC.

5. No Warranties; Limitation of Liability.

(a)  No Warranty. NuPIC is provided ?as is? without warranty of any kind
including without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or non-infringement.  Further, Numenta does not warranty
results of use or that NuPIC is bug free or that its use will be uninterrupted.
The parties agree and acknowledge that NuPIC is an early-stage technology and
there can be no assurance that NuPIC will be further developed or improved by
Numenta into a commercially viable product.  No advice or information, whether
oral or written, obtained from Numenta or elsewhere will create any warranty not
expressly stated in this Agreement.

(b)  Limitation of Liability.  Numenta will have no liability to you under this
Agreement.  In no event will either party be liable for costs of procurement of
substitute goods, loss of profits, or for any special, indirect, consequential
or incidental damages, however caused, whether for breach of warranty, breach of
contract, repudiation of contract, negligence or otherwise.

6. General.  Once executed, this Agreement takes precedence over the standard
open source licenses provided at www.numenta.org and http://github.com/numenta.
The terms of this Agreement may only be modified by a written agreement signed
by both parties.  You may not assign this Agreement without the prior written
consent of Numenta.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of
California and the United States of America.  No failure of either party to
enforce any of its rights under this Agreement will act as a waiver of such
rights or of any other rights hereunder.

Full Name: ___________________________________________________________

Address: _____________________________________________________________

	____________________________________________________________________

Country: _____________________________________________________________

Telephone: ___________________________________________________________

Email: _______________________________________________________________

Application Name: ____________________________________________________

Application Description:

	____________________________________________________________________

	____________________________________________________________________

Signature: ___________________________________________________________
